feat(curriculum): add shortest path algorithm to new Python curriculum (#52386)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-algorithm-design-by-building-the-shortest-path-algorithm/655791ae44c182bd92f31caa.md

---
id: 655791ae44c182bd92f31caa
title: Step 33
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-33
---

# --description--

> Terminate the iteration removing the current node from the `unvisited` list. Pay attention to the indentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finish off the `while` loop by removing the current node from the `unvisited` list. Pay attention to the indentation.
```
